Until now, we're loading the different users here in our header by having two different links where
I hardcode the user ID, that's not very realistic,
it would be more realistic to have like a list of users we can choose from and click them.
And I also get these extra components we haven't used yet,
turns out in the UserStart component,
I do have such a list,
so now time to change this and use this list instead.
So I will remove the second link in my header here and go back to just /user here,
if I click on user here and for that, I'll also adjust my user route to just be /user here or just use that
as a path again so that my usual component now gets loaded. I also will remove all that content except
for the navigate to home button
but no worries, we'll soon start working with parameters again,
I just want this to work fine again, like this.
And now I want to implement some child routes, some nested routes because all the other user components
start, edit and detail should be nested inside the user component,
they all belong to the user feature,
so they certainly should not be nested inside the home component or anything like that,
instead I now want to have sub-routes in my user component so that we can load different components
inside there. Well to do this, I need to configure my sub-routes here and I can do this by adding a
new property to the route which should have some nested routes,
it's called children and this is again an array of routes which will now be nested after or inside of
this root route,
so inside /user. Therefore in there, we again specify a couple of javascript objects where each
has a path
and the important thing is, if you now have a path which starts with a slash,
this will again be appended directly after your domain, so example.com/ whatever you type here.
If you leave away this slash though, it will be appended to this path,
so the path of your parent route, so choose whatever you want.
You can technically nest them with the paths starting after your domain
or you can nest them technically and logically by also having your path reflect the nesting.
But you don't need to do that, maybe you have a use case where they should be nested technically in the
component, in the user component but they shouldn't be reflected in the path. Here
I will choose the approach where I will append them to /user,
so here I want to load an empty path actually,
so just /user to load my UserStart component which of course I need to import,
so that will be UserStart and I can already import user detail,
whoops,
user detail and user edit, just like that, user edit
and then here I use user start but then I will have two other routes. The first one shall load a specific
ID and the second one also uses the ID but then loads the edit page,
I'm not nesting this in the user detail component here because I don't want to load it on the same page
as user detail.
So here, I now have my three subcomponents to my user component,
now of course we also need a place to load them because they won't be loaded in our router vue here
in the app.vue file because that is our root router
but now we got nested routes.
So we have to set up a new router
vue in our user.vue file.
So here I will simply add a new horizontal line to differentiate that and then have router vue there
and now this will allow me to load this router vue or to load the sub-routes. We can already see this,
if I reload this, we see the UserStart component is selected by default because I set it up to have an
empty path after /user which is where I'm at right now and if I were to enter one here, we see
the user details page,
of course the one is not extracted right now but we see this works. So with that, we now improve this,
now I want to make these list items here clickable to actually load another nested component namely the
detail component, let's say.